[Music]
hi
i'm divya sharma also known as dr bol
and welcome to small budget
big flavors where i'll be showing you
how to combine great food and fine
dining
all in a cost effective way and today
i'm going to be showing you how to
create a perfect meal
for toddlers
i'll be making spinach and sweetcorn
fritters these fritters are packed with
protein from the egg and vitamin c from
the veggies
making this meal really nutritious for
your toddler
[Music]
so we've got all our ingredients here
all we need to do is pop them in the
blender blitz it's that
simple so i'm just popping the sweet
corn into
the blender i'm using tinned sweet corn
you could use
fresh or even frozen or if you don't
have any sweet corn you could use any
other vegetable
for example peas or even carrots crack
in an egg
and some flour
and a garlic clove some baking powder
[Music]
some milk one spring onion chopped
and a handful of spinach and now we're
ready to blitz
[Music]
so now our batter is ready we can start
making our frittatas
[Music]
so the first step is we just need to
heat our pan on medium-high heat
and pop some oil on
so now all we need to do is spoon out
our butter
pop it on the frying pan
and just cook it for about one or two
minutes on each side
[Music]
i've cooked it for about two minutes now
so we're ready to flip over
and now you can see it's got that really
crispy brown effect
that's exactly what we're looking for
so there you have it when i was weaning
my toddler this was one of my go-to
recipes
as it's so quick and easy to make plus
they make a great
finger food also my husband's a massive
fan of this recipe
so happy faces all round
you